DOCS-3770: Add clarification for locations (#4126)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/reference/organize.md

## Example

If you'd like to look at an example, see [Monitor Air Quality with a Fleet of Sensors](/tutorials/control/air-quality-fleet/#example).

## Frequently asked questions

### Can I move a machine to a different location?

> No. It is not possible to move a machine to a different location.

Reviewer: [nit]
```suggestion
No.
It is not possible to move a machine to a different location.
```
or perhaps soften
```suggestion
No, it is not possible to move a machine to a different location.
```

> If you wish to have the machine in a different location, you will need to create a new machine and copy the old machine's configuration to the new machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to have the machine in a different location, you will need to create a new machine and copy the old machine's configuration to the new machine.
```
[opt] A bit more common/less stilted in the US I think

### Can I move a location to a different organization?

> No. It is not possible to move a location to a different organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No.
It is not possible to move a location to a different organization.
```
or consider softening
```suggestion
No, it is not possible to move a location to a different organization.
```

> You can share a location with another organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can share a location with another organization.
```
[opt]

However, machines will continue to use the primary organization as a reference point.

> This means any captured data will be associated with the primary organization and the machines are only able to use private ML models and registry items from the primary owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means any captured data will be associated with the primary organization and the machines will only be able to use private ML models and registry items from the primary owner.
```
changes tense

Author: ```suggestion
This means any captured data is associated with the primary organization and the machines are only able to use private ML models and registry items from the primary owner.
```
